the other is free guideline to the physical part the ball by the right in the back
of the two substitutes a little poor passed the ball to lucas gaucho
Maliki made a great dream
touched the ball in the middle of the field
the entrance of the great-area of ​​paraná
still on another alternative with her husband being overthrown lucas gaucho in the
after the Portuguese tried to take advantage in the
dangerous
is dangerous because it is for those who have an adult of the then excellent collector of
faults and there you also that the price of milk have us option of ananias
finally
Wolf promised the photo of this and not
already the goalkeeper luiz carlos concern with the turns of the goalkeeper to mark
within the large area
play at home
facing the impasse over government policy
with the pressure on the players in the barrier
the request
Antônio and wanted to beat all three players in the
authorization
It's a little Portuguese fear of a ball for cover
they occur
the Portuguese mission
This ball can not take a goal.
the perfect accurate billing action has passed the barrier
far from the missile's reach charges
the category of maritime to Portuguese 1 to 0
on the Portuguese from the left side looks at the crossroads for the area by cleiton
fabinho
he declares
five of the second half
a spectacular defense of the states but in the rebound did not give vent cleiton
Portuguese to 2 for the cruise
in varginha
brum
good eye throw there by jefferson maranhão fifth goal of paraná
goal
all over the parana
mit
They are the majority in the United States.
in the second time with the good exchange of passes in the dissertation category
maranhão to cover Brazilian goalkeeper helton
madonna back pro game and in this final match little to 2 for the Portuguese